chore: update mail client deprecation notes (#1984)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js_versioned_docs/version-v3/features/mail-client/mail-client.mdx

:::caution
This package has been deprecated and is no longer maintained.
Use at your own risk.

> As an alternative, you can use the SDK for getting a mail destination, and send the mail by your own.

Author: ```suggestion
As an alternative, you can use the SAP Cloud SDK for getting a mail destination, and send the mail by your own.
```

> As an alternative, you can use the SAP Cloud SDK for getting a mail destination, and send the mail by your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the SAP Cloud SDK to fetch a mail destination and send the mail yourself.
```

> This can be done e.g., by reading the BTP [documentation](https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/using-tcp-protocol-for-cloud-applications?locale=en-US) or copy/paste the existing SDK [source code](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk-js/tree/v3-main/packages/mail-client/src) (just 2 files).

Author: ```suggestion
This can be done e.g., by reading the SAP BTP [documentation](https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/using-tcp-protocol-for-cloud-applications?locale=en-US) or copy/paste the existing SDK [source code](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk-js/tree/v3-main/packages/mail-client/src) (just 2 files).
```
